There are multiple ways to select an element.
apart from id,tagname and class name
i. parent-child selector(>):
it is used to select element which is direct child of another element
eg: div>p means p inside directly of div

ii. descendant selector(space): it is used to select element which is descendant of another element
eg: div p means p inside of div

iii. sibling selector(+): it is used to select element which is right after another element
eg: div+p means p which comes immediately next to div

iv. attribute selector: it is used to select an element based on its attribute
element[attribute=value]

input[type="password"]{
    color:red
}

pseudo elements: These selectors are used with :: and they are used to select elements based on their position

1. ::first-letter: we can select first letter of any element using
element::first-letter
2. ::first-line: we can select first line of any elment using
element::first-line
3. ::before: we can select any elements before value using
element::before
4. ::after: we can select any elments after value using 
element::after
before and after can use content property to show some values before/after the element.

pseudo classes:
   These elements use single column(:)
1. :hover - it is used to select an element when mouse over the element
2. :link  - it is used to select an element when a link is given
3. :active - it is used to select an element when link is clicked
4. :visited - it is used to select an element when link is already visited
5. :required - it is used to select an element when input value is required
6. :optional - it selects all inputs whose value is not required
7. :disabled - it selects all inputs whose value is disabled
8. :enabled - it selects all inputs whose value is not diabled
9. :empty - it selects all elements without child elements
10. :focus - it selects all elements when you focus them
    (for inputs, you can use 'outline' similar to border)
11. first-child: it is used to select first child of certain element
12. last-child : it is used to select last child of certain element
13. nth-child(number): it is used select certain numbered child. we can even use even or odd
14. nth-last-child(number): it is used to select certain numbered child from last, we can use even or odd
15. nth-of-type(number): it is used to select certain typed with number position.
16. nth-last-of-child(number): it is used to select certain typed with number position from last








